Sentry integration (#361)
avantifellows/plio-frontend: docs/ERROR-MONITORING.md

## Error Monitoring

If you're setting up Plio for staging or production, you may also wish to capture errors faced by users in real-time. For that purpose, Plio uses [Sentry.io](https://sentry.io/) for real-time error monitoring and reporting.

### Pre-requisites
1. Create an account at Sentry.
2. Set up your organization.
3. Create a new VueJS project. Name it `plio-frontend`.

### Enable error logging
1. Set up env variable for `SENTRY_DSN`. You can get the value of DSN for your projects from `Project Settings > SDK Setup > Client Keys (DSN)`
2. Make sure your `NODE_ENV` is either 'staging' or 'production'.

> 3. Trigger an error by adding the following line in your code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Test your set up by triggering an error - add the following line in your `urls.py` file:
```

    ```js
    throw "Deliberate Error!";
    ```

> 4. You should now see the error at your Sentry dashboard as well from `Issues` tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You should now see the error at your Sentry dashboard once you invoke the error trigger as well from `Issues` tab.
```
